the biggest hurdle to overcome to win
customers it's not pricing
it's not your competitors
it's actually the status quo hey i'm sam
dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and host of the top 100 marketing
podcast business growth show so what the
heck do i mean by this well your
potential clients your potential
prospects as far as they know they're
getting the job done just fine right now
with that current provider so maybe
you're trying to sell them a software
tool maybe a crm maybe you're trying to
sell some coaching services they might
see you market whether that's adverts
whether that's on google whether that is
linkedin wherever the heck you're
promoting to they might just see you
saying i'm offering x service or x
product and think well i've already got
a crm as far as far as i know it's
absolutely fine or i don't need coaching
i'm doing okay
so they see no reason to move to you at
all now
you need to paint that brighter future
it's our job as marketers as business
owners as sales reps to show them that
there is a better way of getting the job
done
to improve their life fix a problem
whatever that may be so how do we do
that well we need to overcome the status
quo we need to show them how our
solution can fix a super juicy problem
that they actually care about to shift
their mindset from where they are right
now to where we want to get them to
considering our product or our solution
so how can we do this with our website
with our copy with our marketing
messaging and whether that's on social
whether that's email whether that's
podcasts whether it's video somewhere
else or our advertisement messaging if
we're doing google ads social ads
display ads whatever it is how can we
poke at these juicy problems
that our prospects really care about
fixing
to prompt them to reach out to us
because they need it done it's an urgent
issue they need to speak to a provider
to help them get the job sorted
here's how you do it you need to think
of common frustrations
that you hear or your team here on
customer sales calls
why well if they're common if there's
something you often hear
i
let's say that go back to the crm
example let's say the common
issue if you're talking to people that
are interested in crm is that perhaps
they've got to spend hours and hours
each week manually putting data perhaps
from their gmail their outlook into the
crm system there's no way to automate it
so every new lead has takes a couple
minutes a time to enter update the
progress update the sales process and so
on so your sales reps team or yours
yourself are taking
hours each month that could be used into
selling time
so here's an example of some of the
common problems that we use at webchoice
to give you an idea of how the system
works
are you tired of competitors stealing
your traffic your leads and your sales
just because they're higher on google
well let's fix that that's number one
the second is are you frustrated because
your website isn't converting your hard
earned visitors into a steady flow of
qualified sales leads let's get that
fixed
well finally
are you spending heavily on paid ads
right now and you want to start enjoying
some organic traffic inbound leads and
customers from google
so these three how do i know that they
resonate well these are things that i
often hear on sales calls when i'm
talking to prospects about why they got
in touch perhaps they're saying look
i've got a website but it's not
generating leads so it looks okay as far
as i know but it's not generating
inquiries so we'll dig deep into where
that is or perhaps they are
constantly doing google searches and
seeing their competitors ahead of them
so they know damn well that their
competition is stealing their their
traffic and their customers or perhaps
but the last point here i know they're
spending a lot of money on ads and they
want to start enjoying organic traffic
and leads so they perhaps want to look
at search engine optimization seo so in
your world in your industry
what are the common issues that people
bring to you when you speak to them on
cools when he's talked on email or
social when you get inquiries coming or
referrals come your way what are the
common problems that people come to you
to fix think of the top two top three
top four even and how can you work these
into a clear and concise message that
you can use across your website
headlines across your ads across your
social marketing messaging when you're
doing promo
to hook idle customers
to
get them to shift their mindset
break that status quo and to come to you
as the trusted leader in your industry
and there you have it that is how you
can break your prospects free of the
status quo with your marketing messaging
hope you've found this episode useful if
you have why not subscribe to our weekly
email where we provide actionable
marketing tips useful podcasts
videos and guides each and every monday
to start your week off with a bang check
it out at
businessgrowth.email that's
businessgrowth.email
if you did enjoy today's episode why not
leave us a quick review or star rating
over on apple podcasts
and with that if you haven't yet hit
that subscribe button and we shall catch
you on the next one cheers